Copyright (C) 2012 Brian Kyckelhahn

This project was created and is maintained by <a
href="http://briankyckelhahn.com">Brian Kyckelhahn</a>, an independent
mobile app developer in Austin, Texas. You are welcome to contribute
to it, and you will be acknowledged in the contributors file for doing
so, but you surrender your copyright to Brian when you make
contributions.

This project is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs
3.0 Unported license. That means that you cannot distribute changes
you make to this project. You are also prohibited from distributing
the binaries, bytecodes, and other derivatives of code that has been
changed. However, if you make changes to this project in the course of
working at a company and want to distribute those changes to your
co-workers at that company so that they can use those changes in the
course of their work at that company, Brian has no intention of
sicking lawyers on you for doing so.

These files and the binaries, bytecodes, and other derivatives
obtained by compiling, interpreting, or otherwise translating them for
use by a machine are licensed under a Creative Commons
Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License (the "License"); you may not
use these files and derivatives except in compliance with the
License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
